FAQ

Never ka pa nakakain ng meat? As in?
Never.

Eggs?
Not eggs itself.  I recall two incidences where I unknowingly ate products containing these.  
1) Bread given to me by another vegetarian whom I've trusted, only to find out later on that they did contain eggs
2) Garlic dip of NYFD Fries.  I thought that was cream.  But I felt weird taking that.  So I asked the seller the next day about it, then I find out it was mayonaisse. :(

Seafood?
Ah, the blasted 'food' companies.  Cheeze Whiz contains anchovies and the others process their products on machines that also process eggs, crustaceans, shrimp, and other stuff I don't eat.

Since birth?  So yung parents mo vegetarian din?
Yep.

Sinu-sino pa kayong mga vegetarian sa family?
Itay, inay, ate, at ako.  Pero marami kaming kasama sa kasalukuyan namin residence, which is actually a temple.

Di ka nagsasawa?
Nagsasawa din.  But I don't think it's because of the diet.  Budget's the hindrance, really.  And time.  I think this is the same for any other household.  Kayo, di ba kayo nagsasawa? <insert gif here of good food> 

Do you believe in Jesus Christ?
What sort of "believing" are you asking?  Like I accept Christ as my life and saviour and the only means by which I'd achieve "real" happiness?  Or are you just asking if I believe in his teachings, his existence, and his past?  Plainly speaking, no with the former and yes with the latter.
Not accepting Christ doesn't mean I'm blaspheming him.  This is a whole other topic.  See this<link to article>

<and that name is Jesus Christ! article>

What other things are you not allowed to do?
Aside from meat-eating, we are not to intoxicate(drink alcohol, smoke, do drugs), have illicit sex, and gamble.

What if you're trapped in a post-apocalyptic era and the only sources of food are animals?
As in no other foodstuff available? Well, in that case we're allowed to eat meat.  We can eat even the meat of cow, given that it is absolutely for survival.  But I doubt that will ever happen.  

Do you celebrate Christmas? Do you do Noche Buena?

I don't know what sort of celebration you're talking about.  We do, as in we don't treat December 25th as just some other day.  We know it's this day people call as Christmas.  But I don't know what sort of celebration you guys do.  So if you're actually asking if we do pompous feasts during Christmas Eve, the answer is no.  We've got lots of other feasts.  And Christmas isn't one of our legitimate feasts.  We could, if we want.  But not really.
I've never spent Dec 24th and Dec 25th with Christians, so I don't know how to properly answer this question.

Were you never tempted to eat meat?
Nope.  

Anong religion mo?
Plainly speaking, I'm practicing Vaishnavism, more commonly known as Hare Krishna.  
So what do you call me then?  Hare Krishna.  We're more known among the Hindu communities as Hare Krishna Hare Rama.

So you're a Hindu?
Yes and no. Just refer to us as Hare Krishna.

Sino sa mga Hindu gods ang winoworship niyo?
God with a capital G.
<article here about Krishna as the Supreme Personality of Godhead>

Will you marry a non-vegetarian?
The question is: Will you marry?
Nope, this is isn't rooted from lack of hope in finding a suitable partner (my friends very know I have self-esteem).  This roots from the idea that marriage is griham-anda-kupam, as I've learned from my father when I was a kid.  

Veggie meat?

Ba't di ka na lang kumain ng totoong meat?
This is one of the times that I feel the dread of those meat-eaters who do want to become vegetarians but can't.

San gawa ang veggie meat?
<insert picture here>

Why no garlic, onions, red lentils?
Here's the reason: <insert link of gurudeva's lecture here>
But as apparent with my previous answer, I don't strictly follow this. 